Add comments on issue templates and reframe bug-report template (#3203)
airbytehq/airbyte: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

assignees: ''

---
<!-- 

> Welcome to Airbyte project!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to Airbyte!
```

> We're really glad with your contribution this will help us build 
> an amazing tool. We accept contributions too! You can find them filtering the
> issues by good-first-issues or maybe... try to solve this one? 
> (we could help you debug and pointing the path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're really appreciate your report and know that this will help us build an amazing tool. If you want to contribute yourself, you can find a good place to start by searching for the good-first-issues label or maybe... by trying to solve this one? (we can help debug this with you!)
```

> Right now we are in alpha, this means  we're releasing versions
> more frequently and answer the questions below as much you can will help 
> us find the problem more faster!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now we are in alpha, so we're releasing versions a lot more frequently than normal. You can help us get to the root of the problem faster by filling out the questionnaire below!
```

You can remove any comment block using these tags <-- info --/>

--> 

## Enviroment
- **Airbyte version**: <!-- you can remove this and replace with e.g.: 0.22.0-alpha -->
- **OS**: <!-- macOS, Windows 7 / 10, Ubuntu 18.04 -->
- **Source Connector and version** (if applicable): <!-- Found in the admin page in the UI in the Source tab. -->
- **Destination Connector and version** (if applicable): <!-- Found in the admin page in the UI in the Destination tab. -->

> - **Severity**: <!-- Very low / Low / Medium / High / Critical -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Severity**: <!-- Very Low / Low / Medium / High / Critical -->
```

- **Step where error happened**: <!-- Sync / Setup new connection or destination / Update connector -->

## Current Behavior
*Tell us what happens.*

## Expected Behavior
*Tell us what should happen.*

## Logs
*If applicable, please upload the logs from the failing operation. 
For sync jobs, you can download the full logs from the UI by going to the sync attempt page and 
clicking the download logs button at the top right of the logs display window.*
<!-- You can remove this block.

If you share the complete log you can put them inside the details tag.

> This helps to keep the issue reading easier to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps with keeping the issue easy to read.
```

e.g:
<details><summary>LOG</summary> 
```

> replace this by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
replace this with
```
